Hey, he's back.
You know, your stalker.
I seriously doubt it's true,
but are you dating Kakehashi?
What? No, we're not dating.
Yeah, of all people.
Me and Mirai together?
I could never fall for him.
In that case, then you should
--say something to him.
--It's kind of complicated.
You see, he chased off some
boys from another school
who were bothering me one time.
So, I don't know quite how to--
For real? Well, then
that changes everything.
He's not a stalker.
He's more like your bodyguard.
Yeah. I hadn't thought
of it that way.
But you know, that's even
worse, when you think about it.
He's getting his jollies
hanging around protecting you,
when you never
even asked him to.
[Saki] So, what
you're saying is,
protecting me makes him happy?
[Revel] What's so
confusing about Saki?
I don't know how she
ended up being chosen.
She seems like a
well-balanced young woman.
How did she lose
all hope to live?
I really don't know.
She wouldn't tell
me when I asked.
So, then why'd you
make her a candidate?
'Cause she tried to
kill herself. [sighs]
She walked out into
the sea in March,
when it was still bitterly cold.
[somber music]
[opening theme music]
[Girl] Goodness, what
happened to your head, Kanade?
I just slipped on
some stairs and fell.
It's nothing serious,
though, I'm fine.
--Looks hot in those bandages.
--I know.
What? Come on, no way.
Wait a minute.
Could this possibly mean?
Oh yeah, and I wish for all
ugly girls to disappear.
Rumor has it that
Joso Industries,
the company Kanade's family
owns, deals in weapons.
Getting a flying suit and
bombing the Grand Tower
would be easy for him.
Is Kanade Metropoliman?
What if it turns out he is?
We're not particularly close.
I'm like fish-bait to him.
Just a hanger-on he takes
babe-watching sometimes.
Well, no matter what,
I'm gonna act like
nothing's changed.
[Mukaido] Since you were
so close to Metropoliman,
can you describe what
his face looked like?
Well, uh, he looked
older than me.
By two or three years, I think.
He was pale and had
striking features.
I'd have to say he was
handsome and he smiled at me.
He smiled?
[Mirai] That's all
I can remember.
I understand.
Do you think you could draw him?
[Mirai] What?
[Saki] Um?
Huh?
Sorry to interrupt but I
think that's enough for today.
--Hm?
--[Mukaido sighs]
I guess you're right.
I was hoping for a shortcut,
but we're gonna have to search
for Metropoliman the hard way.
I'm counting on your help.
Right.
So, then he could be a
high-school student, right?
If we check out the
high schools one-by-one,
we might get lucky--
Whoa! You're a very
ambitious person.
Maybe it's because
we have a goal,
but I think I have fewer
cancer cells every day!
[Nasse] [giggles]
You may be right!
[Mukaido laughs]
[footsteps tapping]
[door hinge squeaking]
[Saki] Mirai?
[Mirai gasps]
You and I need to have a talk.
It has to be tonight.
I want you to sleep in my bed.
[Mirai gasps]
Huh? Hold on a minute!
Saki, what's this all about?
That's a really good idea!
[Saki] There's something
I really need to tell you.
Huh?
You don't need to share
a bed just to talk!
True, but I don't think
I'll be able to tell him
unless we do.
I'd like you both
to go somewhere else
until the morning.
--What?
--All right!
Sharing a bed for the first time
is something special for
a human male and female.
--Let's go.
--Huh? Wait!
--Don't get me angry.
--[Revel grunts]
[Revel] What is Saki thinking?
[Nasse] I can never tell
what that girl's up to.
[Revel] What? Seriously?
I don't even know when
she's lying to me.
[car engine humming]
[Mukaido sighs]
[footsteps thumping]
Nanato, did you eat yet?
I'm okay.
What do you go and do every day?
We promised not to keep
secrets from each other.
[inhales sharply]
Even if I told you,
you wouldn't believe me.
You can't know that
until you tell me.
--[Mukaido sighs]
--[footsteps thumping]
[Aya murmurs]
--[hand thumps]
--[Aya gasps]
Do you love me, Aya?
'Course I do.
[Mukaido] I love you and our
children more than anything.
And because I love you so much,
I'm currently fighting
the forces of evil
who seek to destroy our world.
Am I supposed to believe
you with a straight face
or are you joking? [sighs]
I'd like you to believe me
with a smile on your face.
Huh?
I hope you can understand
when I tell you,
every day's a battle.
How was that?
Did you like that
wall-slap thing?
I hope I looked cool.
--Good night, sweetheart.
--[door clatters]
[Mirai gasps]
[Saki] Listen, Mirai.
You need to know. I want to die.
Don't say that.
[Saki] It's okay. I
know how you feel.
But, please, just listen.
Admitting I want to die
is the last thing I
should be saying to you.
You've been an
inspiration to me.
[Mirai] I remember.
Listening to you
speak has made me feel
like I have to search
for happiness, as well.
[Mirai] After you said that,
I felt like we were allies
working towards the same goal.
--Allies?
--Yeah.
[Saki] You call us allies
but all I'm doing is
being protected by you.
You're my wings.
I'm literally baggage.
You're wrong, you know.
You're part of the team,
and we're all working
together to save the world.
After meeting Mukaido,
I want to do everything
I can as a God candidate.
I want to go out and
defend the world,
even if I am a pretty
pathetic fighter.
I want to do it for Mukaido
and his kids and the future.
[Saki] You're a
good friend, Mirai.
I wish I could say
the same about myself.
Remember when we were kids?
How our families used
to visit the beach
and go camping together?
Mm-hmm.
[Mirai panting]
Hey everyone! I found
a four-leaf clover!
[Dad] Oh, that means you're
sure to find happiness, Mirai!
[Saki] You're so lucky!
I'm gonna find one, too!
[Mirai] Let's find one together.
[Parent] Saki, it's time to go.
Really? Just a little longer.
[Mirai] Know what?
You can have this one.
[Saki] Really? Are you sure?
[Mirai] Yeah, you're my
friend, so you should have it.
[gasps] Thanks, Mirai.
Look at that, a yellow ladybug.
He's actually the one
who found the clover.
They say ladybugs bless
people with happiness.
You see, Saki, you're
doubly blessed.
A happy yellow ladybug
and a lucky clover.
With those two,
nothing can stop you!
Yeah, you're right.
--Hey, Mirai.
--Huh?
I just wanna make sure.
You and I will be
friends forever, right?
Of course we will.
Then this clover will
always mark our friendship.
Yeah, for you and me.
That promise was
everything to me.
It made me happy.
I said we'd be friends forever,
but I broke my promise.
Instead of defending
you, I harassed you.
[gasp] Why do you say that?
[Saki] When your family
died and you were all alone,
not only did I not reach
out, I bullied you.
I went along with the other kids
and called you Kakehashi Pigsty,
and when you walked
by, I held my nose.
[Boy] You stink!
[Bully] Don't you
ever take a bath?
[Children] Pigsty, Pigsty,
Pigsty, Pigsty!
[Saki] [sobs] And here I
said we'd be friends forever.
It was so shameful.
[Mirai] Yeah, it was.
[Saki] I went along with
what everyone else was doing,
every time they did it.
I bullied you and tormented you.
It was unforgivable.
I finally reached a day when
I couldn't stand it anymore.
[Mirai] What day?
[Saki] The day we graduated
from middle school.
I wanted to go apologize to you.
I thought I'd at least
return your four-leaf clover,
so I chased after you.
I followed you, but...
[somber music]
I was so scared, I just
wanted to get away.
That was the moment when
Revel made his appearance.
Later, when I learned
you were still alive
I was so relieved.
Since we've been back together
the things you've said
have stuck in my heart.
[Mirai] I'd rather be bullied
than be the one
to bully someone.
The only thing I could think was
you were speaking
directly to me,
and it finally made me
wonder why I'm even alive.
I betrayed you.
So, I want you to kill me.
[dramatic music]
Use your white arrow
or even your red one.
Take your revenge and
then be done with me.
Put me out of my misery.
I want you to kill
me, Mirai. Please.
[blanket rustling]
[Saki sighs]
[door rattles]
--Hey, look there!
--Hm?
[light beam whooshes]
Where could they be going?
[wind whistling]
[Saki] Mirai? [gasps]
[Revel gasps]
[Saki gasps]
[gasps] What's he doing?
Mirai, if I want to die,
you're saying I'll
have to kill myself.
Saki!
--[Saki] Stay back!
--[Revel gasps]
If you spread your wings
in the sky like that,
the other God
candidates will see you.
So, move along.
If you wanna die,
just get on with it.
Nasse!
He already stopped her
that one time before.
My attitude is,
if she still wants to
die, just let her go.
Looks like you chose badly.
[somber music]
[Saki moans]
[bonds snapping]
[somber music]
--Saki!
--[Saki gasps]
I was lying.
Truth is, I don't want to die.
I really want to live!
I want to be there to
open the door to tomorrow.
I want to help you
and Mr. Mukaido.
[Saki sobs]
I'm sorry, Mirai!
I'm so sorry!
--Can you forgive me?
--[bonds clink]
You know something?
You're incredible, Mirai.
You say you'd rather
be bullied than bully,
and that you can't hate people.
Things others usually
brush off as lip service.
But you actually
live by those words.
In the presence of
someone like you,
I feel as though I
have to speak the truth
and the honest truth is that I--
That's enough.
At least let me say this.
Please forgive me if you
can and don't send me away.
Let me stay with you!
There's nothing to forgive.
I'm not mad.
[Saki sighs]
Let's do this together.
Just like the time we searched
for that four-leaf clover.
[Saki sighs]
[wings rustling]
[gentle music]
Thank you, Mirai.
[Revel] So, right
from the beginning,
you knew Saki was lying
about wanting to die.
Nope. It was a revelation.
I think Saki only just
realized how she truly feels.
If anyone was lying
here, it was Mirai.
What?
Come on now.
It's obvious he would have
saved her if she'd fallen.
[Revel] They ended up
sleeping in separate beds.
[Nasse] They sure did.
All right, here's
what we've learned
about Metropoliman so far.
He's between 15 and 20 years old
and he's about 175 centimeters
tall, pale and handsome.
An analysis of
the pieces of mask
he left behind at the tower
shows his blood
type is B-negative,
and the police don't
have his DNA on file.
You've already seen the records?
Did you check the
hospital emergency rooms?
Hey, that's a good idea.
I still have a
private eye available,
who I shot with a red arrow.
I'll call him.
We should also investigate
any surgeons who've died
over the past two days.
If it becomes necessary
I can use my red arrow.
Just let me know if you need it.
What happened to her?
Mirai, you should draw what
you saw under his mask,
as soon as you can.
Huh? Uh, sure.
Also, this room is starting
to feel a little cramped.
I think we should
relocate to a larger space
that'd be a more suitable
base of operations.
Huh?
This morning, I used
two of my red arrows
and shot my parents, so
I can live on my own.
[Mirai gasps]
So anyway, for our new place,
what do you think about this?
I know it's a little unusual.
[Mukaido] A church? Gotta
say it doesn't look too bad.
Since it's the entire top
floor of a high-rise condo,
we wouldn't have to worry
about coming or going.
--Wow.
--That's beautiful.
The angels are more
excited than we are.
[Nasse] Well, it
is a little cramped
with all of us in here.
True, at least I'll be
finishing up our costumes soon.
I'm deciding on the
colors and shapes,
so we can easily
recognize each other.
Costumes, huh?
If I can choose my own color
I'd like it to be yellow.
[Mukaido] Really? Why yellow?
Because I've always felt
it's the color of happiness.
Also, Baret, there's
something I'd like to ask you.
All right.
I'd like a pair
of wings, as well.
[everyone gasps]
[Kanade] He didn't attempt
to use his white
arrow even once.
Of course, to be more
accurate, he couldn't.
Unlike the red arrow,
there's no limit
to the number of times a
white arrow can be used.
Which has to mean,
this guy has a first-rank
angel behind him.
It also means the
idiot who charged at me
has a special-rank angel.
He could have killed
me with a white arrow,
but tried taking me
alive with a red.
What do you propose we do now?
Well, since I've accumulated
all these red arrows,
I think I can root
these people out.
You want to possess
your own pair of wings?
To do that, you
have to take them
from a dead God candidate.
There are several
paths to do that.
The first option is, you can
kill a God candidate yourself.
Second, you can shoot
a dying God candidate
with a red arrow,
making you first in line to
receive that person's wings.
Third, you can be given
them by a God candidate
who used methods one or two
to acquire the wings
in the first place.
The best solution would
be to kill Metropoliman,
then we'd be able to
give his wings to Saki.
In fact, we could take back
all the wings and
arrows he's acquired.
Yes, that's correct.
And finally, fourth.
If a God candidate
dies from an illness,
an accident, or suicide,
you can ask the angel
transporting their
body to Heaven,
to give you their wings.
Those are all the methods.
In other words, you'll
need to be right by my side
when my cancer does me in.
Don't joke about that.
That's the last thing I'd want.
Yes, I want to
defeat Metropoliman.
But I want to be able
to do it together,
with the two of you.
I want to be able to
fly like you both do,
so I can help accomplish that.
Sure, I didn't mean to imply--
Receiving your
wings after you die
certainly isn't going
to make me happy
and I don't want to just
be protected, either.
I want us to work together
so we can achieve our goal
and eventually find happiness.
Saki.
I get the message
and I'm delighted
to hear you say it.
She's a completely
different person.
Did something happen yesterday?
Sort of, yeah.
I know it's surprising but
maybe this is the real Saki.
[gasps] Listen here!
There's a much easier way for
Saki to acquire her wings.
How?
I just need to become
a first-rank angel.
Hey, you know,
you're right, Revel.
That is a great idea!
Is it possible?
Baret, I'll bow down
and swallow my pride.
Tell me what I must do
to become first-rank.
He's so proud. I can't
believe he's doing this.
Revel.
There are no formal
rules or tests
for an angel to be promoted.
The basic qualification
is that they have to be
exceptional in some way.
I see.
What if I were to acquire more
knowledge than you, Baret?
That would probably work.
What? Really?
[Saki] But if you did that,
then Baret wouldn't be the
Angel of Knowledge anymore.
It's not a problem.
I mean, I've already
been demoted once,
from special-rank to first-rank.
It's more realistic, actually,
that Revel could advance
from second-rank,
all the way to special-rank.
Special-rank? I'll do it!
Yeah! When you're
special-rank like me,
you'll even get a white arrow!
[Mirai] So, Saki will
be special-rank, too?
But it's not guaranteed
to work 100%.
Don't forget,
there are no rules.
They say it's often
determined by God's whims.
So, good luck, Revel.
All right!
Here you go.
It's for taking your medicine.
You're very kind, Nanaka.
Not as kind as you, Daddy.
Huh? Why's that?
'Cause you're making special
clothes for my piano recital.
Three outfits!
That's right, and
they're almost done.
I hope you like 'em.
Thanks. I can't wait.
But, I'm too young
for a wedding dress.
[Mukaido coughs]
You saw that?
I'm sorry. I went
into your room.
But, Daddy, we don't know
how big I'm gonna grow up to be.
Shouldn't you wait until
I'm in middle school?
[Mukaido sighs]
You know what?
You're right, sweetie.
Daddy wasn't thinking clearly.
I'm just so excited to see
you grow up and get married,
I couldn't help myself.
I got started on your
dress a little bit early.
You're a silly goose.
It's okay, though.
I'll just have to grow up big
so I can fit into
that dress one day.
And once I'm wearing it,
I'll be the perfect bride.
[Mukaido sighs]
Daddy, you're squeezing
so hard, I can't breathe.
[Aya sobs]
[somber music]
[door thuds]
[Mukaido sobs]
Why? Who are you?
Why are you here?
What do you want?
[Hajime snickers]